# royck.github.io

HI,
First of all just smile ……………
Yes I know time can be tough. Yes life won’t be fair and everything seems pointless. But Are they? Because as it’s said just like there will always be a happier person than you which also says there can be a sadder person than you. So when life gets tough just think of all the good things which had happened before. The beautiful and priceless moments which have made us the happiest person ever. Just like that bad things also happens and yes it happens to everyone even the animals has their good and bad moments. So just take a deep breath and relax because it’s the best way to fix this situation. Look at the life as a long drive during the drive all the twists and turns makes the drive so smooth and relaxing yet there will be moments when things get complex the smooth road can become rough the traffic can end the relaxing drive yet we can get through that and get in front of them and continue our smooth journey we can also slow down and relax and drive slowly and wait for our drive to get smooth. We do this during our drives and we reach our destination. So why are we not doing this in our life .why are will not enjoying the smooth and relaxing moments of our life instead we make ourselves be stuck in the traffic and won’t do anything to escape we crave pain. The only thing to do is just fix, move on, be happy and enjoy the life or we can relax, slow down and still enjoy the happiness in our life. But we rather hook ourselves to the depression, self-pity, disappointment and get stuck in the traffic made by them and before we know it we reached our destination and forgot to live our life.

